Add string rendering, remove psr/container-implementation dependency (#36)
yiisoft/yii-view: README.md

## General usage

There are two ways to render a view:

- Return an instance of the `Yiisoft\DataResponse\DataResponse` class with deferred rendering.
- Render immediately and return the rendered result as a string.

> The `Yiisoft\DataResponse\DataResponse` class is an implementation of the `Psr\Http\Message\ResponseInterface`, for
> more information about this class, see the [yiisoft/data-response](https://github.com/yiisoft/data-response) package.
> You can get an instance of a response with deferred rendering as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Yiisoft\DataResponse\DataResponse` class is an implementation of the `Psr\Http\Message\ResponseInterface`. For more information about this class, see the [yiisoft/data-response](https://github.com/yiisoft/data-response) package. You can get an instance of a response with deferred rendering as follows:
```

]);
```

> The rendering will be performed directly when calling the `getBody()` or `getData()` methods of the
> `Yiisoft\DataResponse\DataResponse` class. If a layout is set, but you need to render a view
> without the layout, you can use an immutable setter `withLayout()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rendering will be performed directly when calling `getBody()` or `getData()` methods of the
`Yiisoft\DataResponse\DataResponse`. If a layout is set, but you need to render a view
without the layout, you can use an immutable setter `withLayout()`:
```

]);
```

> To render immediately and return the rendering result as a string,
> use the `renderAsString()` and `renderPartialAsString()` methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To render immediately and return the rendering result as a string,
use `renderAsString()` and `renderPartialAsString()` methods:
```

If the view renderer is used in a controller, you can either specify controller name explicitly using
`withControllerName()` or determine name automatically by passing a controller instance to `withController()`.

> Automatically, the name of the controller is determined as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case the name is determined as follows:
```
